It was just an amazing and appalling day. It had started quietly enough, but then all hell broke loose. Things were not back t normal until the evening. By then we had experienced quite enough excitement for one day.

When all is said and done, zoe could not have behaved any better. She knew when to extract the information from him, but just as she was about to do so, he collapsed on the floor. She quickly got him but it was too late.

All around the park people were enjoying themselves. It was a lazy sort of day, quite warm and pleasant. Chldren played excitedly on the swings, climing frame and slides. Everyone seemd to be happy and content.

At the Annual General Meeting the Chairman stated that the full quota of money had been used and that an exceptionally small amount was still available in reserve stock. He said there was no place for laziness if the company was to survive.

We all went out to play with out kites. It was a lovely day. All was quiet and calm until we started zooming around at great speed. We did enjoy ourselves. After the xcercise we felt we needed a bath.


The amazing monkey scamrpered quickly over the floor of the cage. He was very excited as his keeper was just about to feed him. 

The extra homework given to the children did not keep them quiet and they jumped jumped jumepd about jumped jumped jumped jumped jumpe jumped jumped about jumped jumped umped jumpded jumped jumped about the desks with ferous ferocious ferocus ferocious feros ferofe ferocious fero cious ferocious ferocoius
ferocsious zeal zea lz
zeal zeal zeal zea l
zeal zeal zeal zeal Jenny Pople was a a fun loving, likeabler likeable likealbe likeable likealb likeable likeable likealb likeable like albe likeable likealbe likeable likeable likealb
likeable likealbe 
likeable likeable girl irrl girl girl girlr girl girl gir lshe she amazoed amazed everyoen everyoee eveyrone everone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone everyone 
studend est

student stue
student student student student student student student student studnet student student student student justly just ly just justly justly sj proved proved proved he was not lazy and that hew was, 
